TRE-308 Update documentation with V3 api and new rules regarding charge amount (#173)
vippsas/vipps-recurring-api: vipps-recurring-api.md

### Campaigns

Campaigns can be used to lower the price of the agreement for a limited amount of time.

> Recurring supports 4 different campaign types : price campaign, period campaign, event campaign, full flex campaign, see more about the different campaign types in the table below. This is communicated to the customer with the original price shown for comparison.

Reviewer: " :"  should not have the space before.

Reviewer: I would have said: Recurring supports 4 different campaign types: price campaign, period campaign, event campaign, and full flex campaign. See more about the different campaign types in the table below.

Author: Done 👍

### Campaigns

Campaigns can be used to lower the price of the agreement for a limited amount of time.
Recurring supports 4 different campaign types: price campaign, period campaign, event campaign, and full flex campaign. See more about the different campaign types in the table below. This is communicated to the customer with the original price shown for comparison.
Campaigns can not be used in combination with variable amount, see more about variable amount [here](#Recurring-agreements-with-variable-amount).

| Campaign types        | Description                                                                                              | Example                                                                                 |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `price campaign`      | A set price until a set date. Same interval as agreement.                                                | 10kr per 1 week interval until 2022-05-01T00:00:00Z and then 200kr per 1 week interval  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `price campaign`      | Different interval price until specified date. Same interval as agreement.                                                | 10kr per 1 week interval until 2022-05-01T00:00:00Z and then 200kr per 1 week interval  |
```

A lot of people will have trouble understanding the difference between "A set price until a set date" and "A set price for a given duration". I suggest being a bit more specific so they might understand without needing the example.

| `period campaign`     | A set price for a given duration. A duration is defined by a number of periods (DAY, WEEK, MONTH, YEAR)  | 1kr for 6 months and then 100kr each month                                              |

> | `event campaign`      | A set price for until a given date with a text description for a given event                             | 20kr until Christmas and then 100kr each month                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `event campaign`      | A set price until a given event date with a text describing the event                             | 20kr until Christmas and then 100kr each month                                          |
```

> | `full flex campaign`  | A set price for a different interval until a given date                                                  | 10kr per week until 2022-05-01T00:00:00Z and then 200kr a month                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `full flex campaign`  | Different price and interval until a given date                                                  | 10kr per week until 2022-05-01T00:00:00Z and then 200kr a month                         |
```

    "campaignType": "PRICE_CAMPAIGN",
    "end": "2022-06-01T00:00:00Z",
    "price": 49900
  }
}
```
| Field               | Description                                                                 |
|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `campaignType`      | The type of the campaign                                                    |
| `price`             | The price that the customer will pay for each interval during the campaign  |
| `end`               | The end date of the campaign                                                |

TODO add screenshot

**Period campaign**
```json
{
 "campaign": {
    "type": "PERIOD_CAMPAIGN",
    "price": 100,
    "period": {
      "unit": "WEEK",
      "count": 2
    }
  }
}
```
| Field          | Description                                                                    |
|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `campaignType` | The type of the campaign                                                       |
| `price`        | The price that the customer will pay for the period of the campaign            |

> | `period.unit`  | The period where the campaign price is applied. Can be DAY, WEEK, MONTH, YEAR  |
> | `period.count` | The number of periods the campaign should run for                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `period`  | The period where the campaign price is applied. Consist of a Unit and a Count, example; { "unit": "WEEK", "count": 4 }  |
```

I think the explanation is very clunky. Period is a data structure used elsewhere and shouldn't need re-explanation everywhere

### Campaigns

Campaigns can be used to lower the price of the agreement for a limited amount of time.

> Recurring supports 4 different campaign types: price campaign, period campaign, event campaign, and full flex campaign. See more about the different campaign types in the table below. This is communicated to the customer with the original price shown for comparison.

Reviewer: No biggie, but we lost the space here, after the ":".

  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "productName": "Premier League subscription",
  "price": 49900,
  "interval": "MONTH",
  "intervalCount": 1,
  "currency": "NOK",
  "campaign": null
}
```

### List agreements

It is possible to retrieve all agreements by calling [`GET:/recurring/v3/agreements`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-recurring-api/#/Agreement%20V3%20Endpoints/ListAgreementsV3)
By default, this endpoint will return only "ACTIVE" agreements.

Query parameters available 
| Query parameter               | Description                                 | Example                                     |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `status`                      | Filter by status of the agreement(PENDING, ACTIVE, EXPIRED, STOPPED) | ?status=ACTIVE     |

> | `createdAfter`                | Filter by agreement start date in miliseconds | ?createdAfter=1645543020311               |

Reviewer: miliseconds -> milliseconds

Author: Thanks, fixed

a limit of 2495 NOK (499 x 5) would be in place. If this limit becomes a
hindrance the agreement `price` can be [updated](#update-an-agreement).

> From **August 1st, 2022** new rules will be enforced : 

Reviewer: Shouldn't have a space before the ":". Not a biggie though. I can fix it later.

Author: Good catch, fixed it everywhere else in the file as well. 
It's a habit I have from French 🇫🇷 , we put a space before the ":" 😄
